All examples are reviews of "Once upon a time in America" movie on IBMD site.

Negative review example:
I watched this terribly long, boring, slow, bloody, gory, silly film several times. Why, or why was that so overestimated? What for? It has nothing, but too much blood, sex, more blood, more sex, child molesting, more blood, more child death, child sex, more blood, more slow talks, more long shots, more blood and more molesting. Raping, killing, talking, sex in a car, more fights, more sex... I am not a sick person. This film did make me feel sick. Why was it made? No one plays here, it drags 4 hours, it leaves a heavy heart and empty brain. Not for kids, not for those who idolizes De Niro or Woods, not for Leone\'s fans. This is just a bad, tasteless, vapid, senseless, soulless, heartless, clueless rape of our brains. Very bad.

Neutral review example:
Sergio Leone, best known as the godfather of spaghetti Westerns, here makes a film about a gangster called Noodles. With its broad historical sweep, achronological story lines, three hour-plus runtime and generous score (written by longtime collaborator Ennio Morricone), it\'s nothing if not ambitious. Indeed, some of the balletic collages of music and images in this movie resemble no other film more than \'2001: A Space Oddysey\', which is certainly not something you can say of most gangster movies. Unfortuantly, the dialogue and characterisation are not as strong as the imagery, the conclusion to the plot doesn\'t quite convince (or indeed, pack a big enough punch to wholly satisfy after a movie of this length), and at times the film seems almost to endorse its central characters\' crude, and sometimes sexually violent, world view. It features a handsome leading couple in Robert de Niro and Elisabeth McGovern; but it\'s a shame that its substance is not as distinctive as the style.

Positive review example:
It goes without saying that the cast is wonderful, and packed with the usual suspects doing their thing. De Niro excels and has the best old-age makeup I\'ve ever seen, James Woods is on the edge as usual, and Elizabeth McGovern is Deborah, an intense object of desire for De Niro. Did anyone ever think that the reason she hasn\'t aged at all at the end of the film is because we\'re seeing reality through De Niro\'s eyes, and in his eyes she is still as young and beautiful as she ever was? Anyway, plenty of familiar faces pack out the rest of the cast, from Treat Williams, Joe Pesci, and Burt Young to Danny Aiello as the hilarious police chief. William Forsythe, Darlanne Fluegel, the list is endless and also includes Jennifer Connelly in her first acting performance.
